and everyone is welcome to this
new section of the channel that good is not
that is the culmination of originality not
is that it is from de fuá but since I
I was excited to spend a lot of punch
in the rules of the series are very
simple first you can only use
you fall as a weapon and second only
you can use the one that I am as a shield
that this is a fist weapon that is
basically an American wooden fist
and I'm going to use it because everything happens
the fucking game with a clean fist is
complicate
as is obvious at the beginning the game does not
I'm going to have it so the 234 do not know
how many first chapters of the series
will have another structure as what
does not have the fall for 6 per
difficult
so it will not be a live gameplay but
that I will comment until I can have 3
tours that will arrive that do not give me a
embolism killing voices with bare fist
if I said naked because I'm from
grenade and I can finally
I have presented this is the lord face the
that is going up the stairs now
same a man that I have put him in
honor to a professor of the faculty of
grenade sciences whose name comes from
of the infinity of his face which
lacks natural limits that can
determine what is hair and what is
face
so bertara likes to take care of herself and is very
angry because he knows that so much in this
episode like in some later
will have to put up with his pocha skin
not dead when he has a smooth skin
and taken care of, let's give her a candle
we're going to die of disgust today
at this moment I meet the
first enemy and I realize what
It will cost me to beat the guardian of the
borough support or if I'm liking
you blow up and the other does not
story
I'm not going to stop all the attempts
because each one is 15 minutes counting
ass back to the boy and
basically everything is over
good while you see as heroically
I can defeat the great supreme object
I would like to tell you something that I do not get
understand me when I go to public toilets
if there is no division between the toilets
Sometimes I have to pee next to someone and
inevitably out of the corner of the eye
I can observe the interactions of your
hand with his penis I have seen that it is not one
not two but many people who
take out the churras they lower the
zipper end ie lowers the
zipper but it does not undo in the
button and I say let's see guys from
God undo the button that you do not
it costs no work my son you 're
scrubbing the without brave with all the
pants finally going back to what you
assumes that you have come to see this era
the fourth time he tried to kill the
Demon of refuge without weapons is a
authentic cognac kill him in the video are
15 minutes beating the mind but
I'm not going to put the whole camera either
quick let's put a little bit of
happiness to the matter
do not
look at you while I was thinking
often begins to look for something epic in
slapping the uncle this is not total
that this chapter since it's the
I could not start the game either
give a lot of window to the subject if for having
there is not people who speak a
been dead good if there was one but
after talking to me it has been
suicided a little
which is that this chapter does a little
weird the next one to see how it goes because
I have never fought with the next bag
I do not say goodbye here with rockefeller that
we are going to give you where you rent a physical
in the center like the symptoms although I
I go man